.\" Man page for svgpp, based on the output of help2man
.\"
.\" Copyright 2007 by Vincent Fourmond
.\"
.\" You may distribute, copy and modify this manual page under the same
.\" terms as batik itself.
.\"
.TH SVGPP "1" "January 2008" "Pretty printer for SVG" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
svgpp \- pretty-printer for SVG files

.SH
.B svgpp
.I [options] <input file> [<output file>]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B svgpp
pretty-prints SVG code to standard output.


.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-xml\-decl\fR <string>
The value to set to the XML declaraction.

.TP
\fB\-system\-id\fR <string>

The value to set to the system ID of the doctype.
.TP
\fB\-tab\-width\fR <number>

Sets the tabulation width. The default is 4.

.TP
\fB\-doc\-width\fR <number>
Sets the document preferred number of columns. The default is 80.

.TP
\fB\-no\-format\fR
Disables any formatting. Useful for doctype modifications,
newline conversion, ...

.TP
\fB\-public\-id\fR <string>
The value to set to the public ID of the doctype.
.TP
\fB\-newline\fR (cr | cr\-lf | lf)
Specifies the type of newline to output. Possible values are:
cr (mac), cr\-lf (dos), lf (unix \- the default).
.TP
\fB\-doctype\fR (change | remove)
Removes or changes the DOCTYPE declaration. change is used
in conjonction with the \fB\-public\-id\fR and \fB\-system\-id\fR
options.

.SH JAVA-WRAPPERS NOTE

This program is a shell script wrapper based on
.BR java-wrappers (7).
You therefore benefit from several features; please see the 
.BR java-wrappers (7)
manual page for more information about them.


.SH AUTHORS 

.B svgpp 
is part of 
.BR batik ,
written by the Apache Software Foundation.

This manual page was written by Vincent Fourmond <fourmond@debian.org>
for the Debian Project, but may be used by others.

.SH SEE ALSO

The web page of 
.BR batik ,
http://xml.apache.org/batik

.BR java-wrappers (7)
