.\" Man page for svgpp, based on the output of help2man
.\"
.\" Copyright 2007 by Vincent Fourmond
.\"
.\" You may distribute, copy and modify this manual page under the same
.\" terms as batik itself.
.\"
.TH TTF2SVG "1" "January 2008" "Font converter for SVG" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
svgpp \- font converter for SVG

.SH
.B ttf2svg
.I <ttf-path> [-l <range-begin>] [-h <range-end>] [-autorange] [-ascii] [-id <id>] [-o <output-path>] [-testcard]


.SH DESCRIPTION

Converts a true type font into a SVG font. 
.I <ttf-path> 
is the path of the font file to convert.

.SH OPTIONS


.TP
.BI -l \ range-begin \ -h \ range-end
specifies the range of characters (by codepoint, in decimal) to be
converted,

.TP
.B -ascii
forces usage of the ASCII character map in the font, instead of the
Unicode character map, 

.TP
.BI -id \ id
specifies the value for the id attribute of the generated font
element,

.TP
.BI -o \ output-path
specifies the pathname of the output SVG document containing the
generated SVG font

.TP
.B -testcard
specifies that a sequence of SVG text elements should be appended to
the output SVG file to test the characters in the SVG font, providing
an easy way to validate that generated SVG font visually. 

.SH JAVA-WRAPPERS NOTE

This program is a shell script wrapper based on
.BR java-wrappers (7).
You therefore benefit from several features; please see the 
.BR java-wrappers (7)
manual page for more information about them.


.SH AUTHORS 

.B ttf2svg
is part of 
.BR batik ,
written by the Apache Software Foundation.

This manual page was written by Vincent Fourmond <fourmond@debian.org>
for the Debian Project, but may be used by others.

.SH SEE ALSO

The web page of 
.BR batik ,
http://xml.apache.org/batik

.BR java-wrappers (7)
